feat: Log own custom rules (#408)
dbt-labs/dbt-project-evaluator: docs/customization/issues-in-log.md

- to pick between 2 types of formatting, set `format='table'` (default) or `format='csv'`
- to add quotes to the database and schema (default = no quote), set ``quote='`'`` or `quote='"'`

## Logging your custom rules

You can also log the results of your custom rules by applying `dbt_project_evaluator.is_empty` to
the custom models.

> Here is the example code:
> 
> ```yaml
> # {{ your dbt project dir }}/models/dbt_project_evaluator/fct_public_models_without_exposures.sql
> 
> with
>     public_models as (
>         select *
>         from {{ ref("dbt_project_evaluator", "int_all_graph_resources") }}
>         where resource_type = 'model' and is_public and not is_excluded
>     ),
>     models_with_exposure as (
>         select direct_parent_id as resource_id
>         from {{ ref("dbt_project_evaluator", "base_exposure_relationships") }}
>     ),
>     final as (
>         select resource_name as model_name, is_public, false as has_exposure
>         from public_models m
>         where
>             not exists (
>                 select 1 from models_with_exposure e where m.resource_id = e.resource_id
>             )
>     )
> 
> select *
> from final {{ dbt_project_evaluator.filter_exceptions(model.name) }} -- to enable exceptions
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

```yaml

> # {{ dbt project dir }}/models/dbt_project_evaluator/governance.yml
> 
> models:
>   - name: fct_public_models_without_exposures
>     description: This table shows each public model that does not have an exposure
>     tests:
>       - dbt_project_evaluator.is_empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
models:
  - name: my_custom_rule_model
    description: This is my custom project evaluator check 
    tests:
      - dbt_project_evaluator.is_empty
```

```

> 
> By setting `dbt_project_evaluator.is_empty`, you can see the result like:
> 
> ```
> ### List of issues raised by dbt_project_evaluator ###
> 
> -- my_dbt_package.dbt_project_evaluator.dbt_project_evaluator_is_empty_fct_public_models_without_exposures_ --
> | MODEL_NAME                         | IS_PUBLIC | HAS_EXPOSURE |
> | ---------------------------------- | --------- | ------------ |
> | fct_my_public_model                |      True |        False |
> 
> 
> -- dbt_project_evaluator.marts.governance.is_empty_fct_public_models_without_contract_ --
> | RESOURCE_NAME                      | IS_PUBLIC | IS_CONTRACT_ENFORCED |
> | ---------------------------------- | --------- | -------------------- |
> | fct_my_public_model                |      True |                False |
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 
> Custom rules and official rules can be identified by the test name prefix (`my_dbt_package.` and
> `dbt_project_evaluator.`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
